what's going on guys Esther here welcome
to GG for two them talking about mods in
this game and how to get them so there
are two types of mods in this game skin
mods and script mods let's talk about
the skin monsters and start skin mods
are the mods that don't do anything in
this game except changing the appearance
of some things like this come from
example this is a tree smoker but that
mod I just installed and downloaded
changed its appearance so that it looked
pretty cool and it looked better than
the original appearance but it didn't do
any other changes still when you enter
the car its name to raise mo it's the
same speed as you can tell same speed as
the original car
same way you get inside and outside the
car and everything so this is a skin
mode now the script modes are so we
understood that the screen if the skin
mode is something that just changes the
appearance of things in this game and
don't do anything else but the script
mods are the mods that changes things in
this game so that the mode works
properly or in other words it creates
another game inside the game
for example Iron Man the Iron Man mod is
complete and Ironman Ironman mode is an
example of this great mods okay it
completely changes things that actually
existed the game for example the way you
fly
you cannot fly this way in the original
game at any point of the game so they
had to make some changes so that you
have the ability to fly right so yeah
that's the that's one thing about it
all right all right now land the second
thing is the weapons there is no weapon
like that in the game so trust me I'm
deadly all right there is no such weapon
like that in the game so that's also
another thing to do so that's how the
script mocks work they change things in
the game now in order for you to get the
mods you will get them wait I can't see
the goddamn
oh I might want to play the cops
I don't know but anyways okay I'm gonna
talk while I'm flying okay so in order
for you to get the mods in order for you
to get them out what you want to do is
to go in to GTA dashboard Malad GTA 4 -
mods comtesse the best place to get them
to download this to download and install
the skin modes what you want to do is
just change the files with open eyes
open for or spark for whatever the hell
you want to use and just change the
files inside the vehicles that I am
doing it but in order for you to change
to download the script modes I would
suggest you to read the readme file so
that you know what the hell you want to
do you might want to change some files
and a 9 you might want to change some
files in the components but you might
want to change some files and the main
folder itself so yeah that's how you
install the mods in this game so the
skin mods are so easy and simple all you
want to do is open for and the mod
itself and install it in the vehicle
sometimes you but the script mode I
would suggest you to go with the readme
file to know where to put where but you
will need open for program or spark for
prog program ok so yeah that's how you
install mods of this game that's what
you're gonna see you guys later bye